Good evening tonight, we are studying the Indian Indian Industry School and its role in Mabeja, the so -called Indian problem, and with the expansion of the United States, the original tribes resisted and clinging to their tradition. Krilli, led by General Richard Henry, has acquitted to transform the original youth through their tribal guests and instill American values, and the original endowments are subject to time. Their association with tribal traditions and their teaching English and American and Christian history imposes discipline through strict routine procedures in the military style to replace the perceived delegation with structure and productivity. Boys are trained on carpentry, agriculture and blacksmithing while girls learn home skills to integrate into American families. Supporters believe that this education saves indigenous children from the life of ignorance and replaces their customs with the principles of faith, work and respect for the law. The mission of the Ammani Kerlie in the belief that America has the right and the duty to the civilization of the villages. By using indigenous youth, the school aims to eliminate cultural resistance and prepare them for life in a rapidly modernized society. Critics from indigenous societies are good that the school wipes out heritage, but its defenders ignore these concerns and look at the tradition of indigenous people as the beginning and disabilities of progress. In the future, supporters imagine blood in the inhabitants of the indigenous people completely and their habits are forgotten in favor of American values. They see Kurlal not only as a school but as a decisive tool to ensure national unity and eliminate tribal divisions. While some people are sad for the loss of the original traditions, it will be guided by Kurdish supporters that this is a necessary transformation for both students and the nation. From their point of view the school provides the original youth an opportunity to abandon the brutal past and embrace a future as citizens of two seizures and producers of the greatest nation on the face of the land. Thanks for joining us.